what should be done with you I don't
think that's true I think you have some
very definite ideas about what should be
done with Danny and I'd like to know
what they are maybe he should be taken
to a doctor
you think maybe he should be taken to a
doctor when do you think maybe he should
be taken to a doctor as soon as possible
as soon as possible you believe his
health might be at stake
you are concerned about him and you're
concerned about me of course you are
ever thought about my responsibilities
Oh what are you talking about you ever
had a single moment's thought about my
responsibilities have you ever thought
for a single solitary moment about my
responsibilities to my employers has it
ever occurred to you that I have agreed
to look after the Overlook Hotel until
May the first does it matter to you at
all that the owners have placed their
complete confidence and trust in me but
I have signed a letter of agreement a
contract in which I have accepted that
responsibility do you have the slightest
idea what a moral and ethical principle
is do you
you